A: What do you feel like eating this morning?

B: I usually just have a bowl of cereal.

A: The most important meal of the day is breakfast.

B: Yeah, but I don't usually have time to eat a big breakfast.

A: You can always make an easy breakfast.

B: What do you make?

A: All I make is oatmeal, toast, and some orange juice.

B: That sounds pretty good.

A: I like it, and it's a fast meal.

B: That is a very quick meal to make.

A: I can make it for you if you like.

B: Oatmeal and toast sounds good to me



A: What's for lunch?

B: I don't know. What do you want to eat?

A: I was thinking of pizza.

B: That's what I ate yesterday.

A: What do you want to eat?

B: I wouldn't mind a burger.

A: I ate a burger just the other day.

B: We're going to have to compromise.

A: You could always get a burger, and I can get a pizza.

B: Sounds good to me.

A: Where can we go to get both?

B: We can get both at the cafeteria.


A: I need to eat something.

B: You just ate.

A: I know, but I'm hungry again.

B: There's no food left from dinner.

A: I think I'm going to go make myself a snack.

B: Do you know what kind of snack that you want?

A: I'm not exactly sure.

B: Why don't you make yourself a sandwich or something?

A: I have no idea what kind of sandwich I want to make.

B: A PB&J is pretty easy to make.

A: I'm going to do that.

B: Knock yourself out.

A: I need help planning my vacation.

B: Sure, where would you like to go?

A: I haven't decided where to go yet.

B: Do you enjoy warm or cold climates?

A: I am thinking that I might enjoy a tropical climate.

B: I have some brochures here that you might like to look at.

A: These look great!

B: Do you know how much you want to spend on this vacation?

A: I have about a thousand dollars to spend on this trip.

B: Well, take these brochures, and get back to me when you want to make your reservations.



Trevor:-Do you like computer games?

Michael:-Yes, I do. I’m fond of them. Do you?

Trevor:-Yes, me too. What is your favorite one?

Michael:- I don’t like quests or adventures. I prefer Fighting and The Mortal Combat is the best one.

Trevor:- What is it?

Michael:- Do you really have no idea about it?

Trevor:-Absolutely!

Michael:-Dude, it is awesome. Mortal Kombat is set of a video games created by Ed Boon and John Tobias. The games were initially developed by Midway Games for the arcade machines and then were subsequently ported to other platforms.  For example, I’ve got it on PC.

Trevor:-What does Fighting means?

Michael:-So, it’s easy. If you play with a friend, you both choose heroes and use some combinations of buttons to kick each other. You should stay alive there. When you play alone, your opponent is your computer.

Trevor:- Oh, it sounds interesting!

Michael:- Exactly! The picture is amazing and Mortal Kombat has a hight-level detalization. There some basic characters: women, men, creatures. My favorite one is Sub-Zero.

Trevor:-Who is it?

Michael:-This is a super ninja with freezing power – he can freeze enemies and makes unbelievable combos!

Trevor:-Oh, I want to see it! Let’s play?

Michelle: Charles, do you have any children?
Charles: Yes.
Michelle: How many children do you have?
Charles: I have two kids. A boy and a girl.
Michelle: What are their names?
Charles: Jack and Stephanie.
Michelle: How old are they?
Charles: Stephanie is 18 and Jack is 24.
Michelle: Are they in school?
Charles: Stephanie is. She goes to college in Washington and Jack works in Florida.
Michelle: What does Stephanie study?
Charles: She studies English.
Michelle: Is she here now?
Charles: No, she’s at school.

A: Hello.
B: Hi.
A: How are you?
B: I’m good. How are you?
A: Good. Do you speak English?
B: A little. Are you American?
A: Yes.
B: Where are you from?
A: I’m from California.
B: Nice to meet you.
A: Nice to meet you too.

A: Brian, do you know how to speak English?
B: Yes.
A: Where did you learn?
B: I learned in college.
A: You speak really well.
B: Thank you.
A: How long have you been in the U.S.?
B: 3 weeks.
A: Is your wife with you?
B: Yes, she just got here yesterday.
A: Have you been to California before?
B: No. I’ve never been there.
A: Have you ever been to Las Vegas?
B: Yes. I went there once on a business trip.
